# `Shell-ter` - Shell in the Apocalypse

This program is written in **C** and is designed to help you survive in a post-apocalyptic world by providing essential shell functionalities.

## Functionality

### Internal Commands

`Shell-ter` supports several essential commands, including:

#### cd (change directory)

This command allows you to navigate between directories. The implemented command has the following features:

- If no directory is specified, it prints the current directory.
- If the specified directory is the keyword `-`, the shell returns to the previous working directory.
- If a valid directory is specified, the shell changes to that directory.

#### echo

This command prints the provided message on the screen. It also supports environmental variables when prefixed with the symbol `$`.

#### clr (clear screen)

This command clears the terminal screen, providing a clean workspace.

#### quit (exit shell)

This command terminates the `Shell-ter` shell session, closing the program.

#### start_monitor

This command starts monitoring the metrics of the running operating system, generated by Prometheus.

#### stop_monitor

This command stops the monitoring of metrics.

#### status_monitor

This command displays the current state of the monitored metrics. The metrics shown can be customized by editing the `settings.json` file.

### External Commands

Any command that isn't listed above will be executed as an external command.

### Pipes, Background Execution, and I/O Redirection

`Shell-ter` also allows the use of pipes (using the symbol `|`), the execution of commands in the background (using the symbol `&` at the end of the command), and input-output redirection (using the symbols `<` and `>`).